[IMP] subscriptions: update close subs doc for 17 (#7327)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/subscriptions/closing.rst

===================
Close subscriptions
===================

While losing customers is not ideal, making it easy for customers to cancel subscriptions minimizes
the impact of losing them, fostering a positive experience for the customer *and* the business.

If the subscription closing process is made unnecessarily difficult or cumbersome, that will likely

> increase the level dissatisfaction amongst the leaving customer base, which can negatively impact

Author: I'll just be keeping the lines of 16-17. Thanks for the advice. Removing the other lines in the intro.

the reputation of the company.

By granting customers the power to close their own subscriptions, they do not feel "trapped" and are
more likely patronize the same business again in the future for other products, services, and/or
subscriptions.

Odoo *Subscriptions* provides flexibility for businesses to decide whether customers can self-manage

> their subscriptions, or restrict that ability entirely.

Reviewer: What's here on lines 16-17, I'd argue, is the only part you need for the intro.
This sentence specifically (gh won't let me select):
```
Odoo *Subscriptions* provides flexibility for businesses to decide whether customers can self-manage
their subscriptions, or restrict that ability entirely.
```

The rest is borderline pre-sales expo or not needed.

Configuration
=============

> To configure recurring plans offered, navigate to :menuselection:`Subscriptions app -->

Reviewer: First part not needed or seems forced. Suggestion to just tell the reader to go to the right dash.
```suggestion
Start by navigating to :menuselection:`Subscriptions app -->
```

Configuration --> Recurring Plans`. From there, either create a new plan by clicking :guilabel:`New`
or select an existing one to modify it.

Once on the :guilabel:`Recurring Plans` form, enable the :guilabel:`Closable` option, in the
:guilabel:`Self-Service` section, to allow customers to close their own subscriptions using the
customer portal.

.. image:: closing/recurring-plans-closable-option.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Closable option on a recurring plan form in Odoo Subscriptions.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Configure recurring plans <plans>`

Close a subscription
====================

Administrator view
------------------

After a quotation for a subscription product has been confirmed, it becomes a sales order, and the

> subscription is officially :guilabel:`In Progress`.

Reviewer: specificity
```suggestion
subscription status changes to :guilabel:`In Progress`.
```

At that point, the ability to close the subscription becomes available, via the :guilabel:`Close`

> button at the top of the :guilabel:`In Progress` subscription order. This option is also available

Reviewer: "top of the **In Progress** subscription order" didn't make sense to me when I read it a couple times.
Here's a suggested rewrite: 

```suggestion
button at the top of the subscription order, near the row that contains :guilabel:`In Progress` and other stages. This option is also available
```

   :alt: The chatter of a churned sales order for a closed subscription in Odoo Subscriptions.

Customer view
-------------

.. note::
   As an administrator, the ability to visualize what customers see when managing their
   subscriptions is accessible via the :guilabel:`Preview` button, located at the top of the
   subscription sales order.

From the customer's point of view, in the customer portal, the :guilabel:`Close Subscription` button
is located on the left side of the sales order.

.. image:: closing/close-subscription-button-customer-view.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Close subscription button on a customer's view of a sales order in Odoo Subscriptions.

When the customer clicks the :guilabel:`Close Subscription` button, a :guilabel:`Close Subscription`
pop-up window appears, in which the customer has to choose from a select list of reasons why they
are choosing to close the subscription.

.. image:: closing/close-subscription-customer-pov.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The close subscription pop-up window customers see when closing a subscription.

.. note::
   Customers can *only* chose a pre-configured reason why the subscription is being closed. They can

>    *not* enter a custom reason from the customer portal.

Reviewer: Little more context.
```suggestion
   *not* enter a custom reason from the customer portal. These selections can be adjusted by
   navigating to :menuselection:`Subscriptions --> Configuration --> Close Reasons`.
```

Once the customer has chosen a close reason, they would click the :guilabel:`Submit` button on the
pop-up window.

> Upon closure, the subscription order in the customer portal is tagged as :guilabel:`Closed` tag.

Reviewer: redundant
```suggestion
Upon closure, the subscription order in the customer portal is tagged as :guilabel:`Closed`.
```

===================
Close subscriptions
===================

> While losing customers is not ideal, making it easy for customers to cancel subscriptions
> minimizes the impact of losing them, fostering a positive experience for the customer *and* the
> business.

Reviewer 2: Early line break
```suggestion
While losing customers is not ideal, making it easy for customers to cancel subscriptions minimizes
the impact of losing them, fostering a positive experience for the customer *and* the business.
```

If the subscription closing process is made unnecessarily difficult or cumbersome, that will likely
increase the level dissatisfaction amongst the leaving customer base, which can negatively impact
the reputation of the company.

By granting customers the power to close their own subscriptions, they do not feel "trapped" and are
more likely patronize the same business again in the future for other products, services, and/or
subscriptions.

Odoo *Subscriptions* provides flexibility for businesses to decide whether customers can self-manage
their subscriptions, or restrict that ability entirely.

Configuration
=============

To configure recurring plans offered, navigate to :menuselection:`Subscriptions app -->
Configuration --> Recurring Plans`. From there, either create a new plan by clicking :guilabel:`New`
or select an existing one to modify it.

Once on the :guilabel:`Recurring Plans` form, enable the :guilabel:`Closable` option, in the
:guilabel:`Self-Service` section, to allow customers to close their own subscriptions using the
customer portal.

> .. image:: closing/recurring-plans-closable-option.png
>   :align: center

Reviewer 2: The image attributes need to be lined up with the `i` in `.. image::`.
```suggestion
.. image:: closing/recurring-plans-closable-option.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Closable option on a recurring plan form in Odoo Subscriptions.
```

   :alt: The Closable option on a recurring plan form in Odoo Subscriptions.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Configure recurring plans <plans>`

Close a subscription
====================

Administrator view
------------------

After a quotation for a subscription product has been confirmed, it becomes a sales order, and the
subscription is officially :guilabel:`In Progress`.

At that point, the ability to close the subscription becomes available, via the :guilabel:`Close`
button at the top of the :guilabel:`In Progress` subscription order. This option is also available
after the order has been invoiced and the payment has been registered.

.. image:: closing/close-subscriptions-administrator.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Close subscription from an administration point of view with Odoo Subscriptions.

Reviewer 2: Line over 100 char
```suggestion
   :alt: The Close Reason pop-up that appears when the Close button is clicked in Odoo
         Subscriptions.
```

Clicking the :guilabel:`Close` button prompts a :guilabel:`Close Reason` pop-up window to appear,
allowing administrators to input the reason for closing the subscription, or choose from the
drop-down menu of options in the :guilabel:`Reason` field.

.. image:: closing/close-reason-popup.png
  :align: center
  :alt: The Close Reason pop-up that appears when the Close button is clicked in Odoo Subscriptions.

When the desired :guilabel:`Reason` is entered, click the :guilabel:`Submit` button.

Clicking :guilabel:`Submit` on the :guilabel:`Close Reason` pop-up window updates the subscription
sales order to show :guilabel:`Churned` status tag, along with the specified :guilabel:`Close
Reason`.

.. image:: closing/churned-sales-order.png
  :align: center
  :alt: A churned sales order for a closed subscription in Odoo Subscriptions.

That same close reason can be found in the *Chatter* of the sales order, as well.

.. image:: closing/churned-sales-order-chatter.png
  :align: center
  :alt: The chatter of a churned sales order for a closed subscription in Odoo Subscriptions.

Customer view
-------------

> .. note::
>   Administrators can use the :guilabel:`Preview` button at the top pf the subscriptions sales order
>   to view the the customer's perspective, where the customer can find the :guilabel:`Close
>   Subscription` button on the left side of the sales order in the customer portal.

Reviewer 2: The text in an admonition need to be lined up with the first character in the admonition type title, `n` in `.. note::`:
```suggestion
.. note::
   As an administrator, the ability to visualize what customers see when managing their
   subscriptions is accessible via the :guilabel:`Preview` button, located at the top of the
   subscription sales order.
```

From the customer's point of view, in the customer portal, the :guilabel:`Close Subscription` button
is located on the left side of the sales order.

.. image:: closing/close-subscription-button-customer-view.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Close subscription button on a customer's view of a sales order in Odoo Subscriptions.

When the customer clicks the :guilabel:`Close Subscription` button, a :guilabel:`Close Subscription`
pop-up window appears, in which the customer has to choose from a select list of reasons why they
are choosing to close the subscription.

.. image:: closing/close-subscription-customer-pov.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The close subscription pop-up window customers see when closing a subscription.

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: This note admonition's content needs to be indented by a space
```suggestion
.. note::
   Customers can *only* chose a pre-configured reason why the subscription is being closed. They can
   *not* enter a custom reason from the customer portal.
```

the reputation of the company.

By allowing customers to have the power to close their own subscriptions, they don't feel "trapped"
and are more likely patronize the same business again in the future for other products, services,
and/or subscriptions.

With Odoo *Subscriptions*, companies are granted the opportunity to choose how they want
subscriptions to close. They can give customers the control to manage their own subscriptions, or
restrict that ability entirely.

Configuration
=============

To properly configure the recurring plans offered, navigate to :menuselection:`Subscriptions app -->
Configuration --> Recurring Plans`. From there, either create a new plan by clicking :guilabel:`New`
or select an existing one to modify it.

Once on the :guilabel:`Recurring Plans` form, check the box beside :guilabel:`Closable`, in the
:guilabel:`Self-Service` section, to allow customers to close their own subscriptions using the
customer portal.

.. image:: closing/recurring-plans-closable-option.png
  :align: center
  :alt: The Closable option on a recurring plan form in Odoo Subscriptions.

.. note::

>    Check out our documentation on :doc:`subscription plans <plans>` for more information on how to
>    configure recurring plans.

Reviewer 3: Very minor thing, but I was once put on blast for linking to other docs this way. Apparently, we **must** link to other doc [this way](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/16.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#see-also)...

```suggestion
   .. seealso::
   :doc:`Configure recurring plans <plans>`
```

Close a subscription
====================

Administrator view
------------------

> After a quotation for a subscription product(s) has been confirmed, it becomes a sales order, and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After a quotation for a subscription product has been confirmed, it becomes a sales order, and
```

the subscription is officially :guilabel:`In Progress`.

At that point, the ability to close the subscription becomes available, via the :guilabel:`Close`
button at the top of the :guilabel:`In Progress` subscription order. This option is also available
after the order has been invoiced and the payment has been registered.

.. image:: closing/close-subscriptions-administrator.png
  :align: center
  :alt: Close subscription from an administration point of view with Odoo Subscriptions.

> When the :guilabel:`Close` button is clicked, a :guilabel:`Close Reason` pop-up window appears. In
> this pop-up window, enter the reason for closing the subscription or select an option from the
> drop-down menu of options that appears when the :guilabel:`Reason` field is clicked.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Clicking the :guilabel:`Close` button prompts a :guilabel:`Close Reason` pop-up window to appear, allowing administrators to input the reason for closing the subscription, or choose from the drop-down menu of options in the :guilabel:`Reason` field.
```

.. image:: closing/close-reason-popup.png
  :align: center
  :alt: The Close Reason pop-up that appears when the Close button is clicked in Odoo Subscriptions.

When the desired :guilabel:`Reason` is entered, click the :guilabel:`Submit` button.

Upon clicking :guilabel:`Submit` on the :guilabel:`Close Reason` pop-up window, the pop-up window
disappears, and the subscription sales order has a :guilabel:`Churned` status tag, along with the
specified :guilabel:`Close Reason`.

.. image:: closing/churned-sales-order.png
  :align: center
  :alt: A churned sales order for a closed subscription in Odoo Subscriptions.

That same close reason can be found in the *Chatter* of the sales order, as well.

.. image:: closing/churned-sales-order-chatter.png
  :align: center
  :alt: The chatter of a churned sales order for a closed subscription in Odoo Subscriptions.

Customer view
-------------

.. note::

>   As an administrator, the ability to visualize what customers see when managing their subscriptions
>   is accessible via the :guilabel:`Preview` button, located at the top of the subscription sales
>   order.
> 
> From the customer's point of view, in the customer portal, the :guilabel:`Close Subscription` button
> is located on the left side of the sales order.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Administrators can use the :guilabel:`Preview` button at the top pf the subscriptions sales
  order to view the the customer's perspective, where the customer can find the :guilabel:`Close
  Subscription` button on the left side of the sales order in the customer portal.
```

.. image:: closing/close-subscription-button-customer-view.png
  :align: center
  :alt: Close subscription button on a customer's view of a sales order in Odoo Subscriptions.

When the customer clicks the :guilabel:`Close Subscription` button, a :guilabel:`Close Subscription`
pop-up window appears, in which the customer has to choose from a select list of reasons why they
are choosing to close the subscription.

.. image:: closing/close-subscription-customer-pov.png
  :align: center
  :alt: The close subscription pop-up window customers see when closing a subscription.

.. note::
  Customers can *only* chose a pre-configured reason why the subscription is being closed. They can
  *not* enter a custom reason from the customer portal.

Once the customer has chosen a close reason, they would click the :guilabel:`Submit` button on the
pop-up window.

> When the subscription has been closed, a :guilabel:`Closed` tag is applied to the subscription order
> in the customer portal.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upon closure, the subscription order in the customer portal is tagged as 
:guilabel:`Closed` tag.
```
